[……Twist it. If you want to kill me.]


The sword embedded in the man’s heart was twitching.


At the end of his short life, the man haughtily asked for his death.


[……]


The woman who held the sword twisted it without saying a word.


His chest was cut open and blood gushed out, but he didn’t even let out a single groan.


[You’re still……so beautiful and yet I can’t have you]


The man’s hand slowly reached up to touch the woman.


The blood on his fingers dirtied her cheek.


The woman held no expression. Cold and firm, just how she was when he fell for her. It was a beautiful sight worthy of the end of his life.


The man wore a hazy smile.


Before long, his last words poured out like blood.


[Damn bitch……]


“Damn bitch” he said.


“Phew. It’s not lagging anymore……”


I sighed while looking at the screen. I once again looked over this character’s settings.


[Deculein von Grahan Yukline]


: Disposition — [Evil]


: Initial Job — [Senior Professor]


: Initial MP — [3357]


: Aptitude — [ Rank 6]


: Aptitude Type — [Magic: Control Type/Elemental: Earth, Fire]


: Traits — [6]


: Personality — [13]


Deculein. One of the game’s mid bosses, a named villain. There had been a lot of bugs since there were a lot of important villains with a wide variety of branching storylines, but fortunately, he had done a lot of sneaky and cunning things throughout the whole game so that he’d die without fail within the first 11 hours of gameplay.


This time his cause of death was his fiancée’s sword.


“Uh, Woojin-ssi?”


I was going to play the game again, but I heard a familiar voice call out my name. I turned to look back.


“Ah, yeah. Ah-rah-ssi.”


Even without any make-up, her eyes looked big and her long hair was shiny even without special care.


This woman, who was endowed with such beauty, was Yoo Ah-ra.


She’s the one I’m dating, or rather dated.


“Is the testing going well?”


I shrugged at the question.


“Yes, I’m still on it~”


Yoo Ah-ra nodded silently. As I looked at her I noticed a new accessory hanging around her neck.


My lips pulled up into a pout unconsciously.


“Looks like it’s going well with your boyfriend, huh?”


“Huh? Oh…… I’m not sure?”


Yoo Ah-ra shrugged her shoulders as well.


Some of our gestures had become somewhat similar as we dated.


“I think it’s going well.”


“Hmm~”


I pointlessly drummed my finger on my mouse.


I had heard about it from the rumours, but I still felt very upset hearing this directly from her.


“Why do you ask?”


“……just because.”


Our break-up was already 6 months ago.


In the end, there was no one right or wrong. We just couldn’t understand each other anymore.


I was at my roots a loafer while she was a natural-born workaholic.


Her drive to improve led me to become a man who could make ends meet, but in the end she couldn’t accept my introverted nature.


……No, it was because I didn’t want to change.


“I wish you all the best in your marriage.”


“……Hah.”


“Aigo. Was that a bit pathetic?”


My eyebrows twitched provocatively along with my sarcastic remark.


However, it didn’t get to Yoo Ah-ra.


“Just get ready for work. There’s been changes in the setting so you have to get the modeling done.”


“Again? No…… Why does the author keep changing it?”


I sighed and looked at the clock.


9 p.m. It was already night time, but I still had a lot of work to do.


“Ah. Were you watching one of Deculein’s scenes?”


Yoo Ah-ra, who was looking at my monitor, smirked.


“Yes. He died after 11 hours. But if you use certain tricks, you can kill him right at the start of the game. Isn’t he supposed to be a mid-boss?”


“That’s one of our game’s charms. The more you leave Deculein to his devices, the more evil he’ll become, so the earlier you kill him off, the easier the game will be. The difficulty depends on the player’s choices.”


“……I see.”


The game was tested hundreds of times by all employees of this company, including me. I had already played it 4 times.


It must have been played a thousand times in total, but the mid-boss called Deculein always got killed except for one time.


“But did you know? The model for this character was actually you, Woojin-ssi.”


“…… For Deculein?”


“Yep. So I just kill him off right at the start.”


“What?”


I frowned.


There was still the Line “Damn Bitch…” displayed on the monitor.


“Fufu. Didn’t you notice while modeling him? You look similar.”


“That can’t be. I only met the author twice, you know?”


“I guess he saw you while dropping by the company. Anyway, look. You even have similar personalities.”


“……Similar personalities? Me and that guy, whose last words were “Damn Bitch”?”


“You’re similar.”


“Phew…… So that’s why I got dumped by you.”


As Yoo Ah-ra’s expression hardened, I raised my hands pretending to be scared.


“Aigo, I’m sorry. Did that sound kind of pathetic, too?”


I couldn’t help it.


After hearing me call myself pathetic again, she lost her temper, so I couldn’t help but poke at her more.


Eventually Yoo Ah-ra also got involved.


“…… I’m the one who’s pathetic here”


“It’s just that you think you’re pathetic. Do you have paranoia? It’s me who’s pathetic.”


“Shut up. Just check the game. How do you feel about this time’s test run?”


I decided to change the subject. I put my eyes back on the monitor.


“The game itself is fun.”


The backdrop of this game was a fantasy world mixed with culture from the 14~20th century.


The whole framework was that of a massive RPG, but its main focus was its storytelling.


“The only problem is that, if this flops, the whole company will go bankrupt.”


REW appeared in Korea, the barren land of console games, like a bolt out of the blue.


As soon as it had been founded, it produced one successful game after the other. Now, REW, which the whole world was paying attention to, was creating a AAA class game that was already beating the profits and investments of the past before it had even been released.


If it failed, we’d be screwed.


Literally screwed.


“Don’t worry. It won’t fail. Didn’t you see the reactions to the game play sneak peek? There was a huge uproar.”


The story of the game and its difficulty depends on how the player acts.


Although it’s a single player game, you don’t play alone, but with several “named” characters equipped with advanced AI.


Thanks to that fresh approach and the hype that REW had built up, not only international players but also many international webzines had nominated our game as “GOTY (Game Of The Year)”!


“As long as we keep raising our IP reputation with a single console, we can rake in a lot of money online. We’ll make it, no matter what!”


As it had been said before, there were a lot of attractive characters and jobs in this game.


Knight, wizard, demon, demon hunter, administrator, adventurer, mercenary, king, aristocrat, etc….. The player could become anything.


“Okay. That would be great for me. I’d get a bonus after all.”


With a big smile I turned my head towards the window.


“……Oh, there he is.”


My seat was by the window, so I could see the street outside the company.


Near the entrance, a shiny car was waiting for Yoo Ah-ra.


“By the way, isn’t he more pathetic than I am?”


I whispered and pointed out the window.


I said these words casually.


She smiled slightly.


“……He’s a good person in a different sense from you.”


I was also a good person, huh? That was enough for me.


Even if she didn’t mean it like that, I’d just take it that way.


“Oh, yeah? That’s a relief then.”


Of course, I was still upset, but not as much as I was before.


As she said, the man in that car was a good person.


I’d be angry if he were some type of gangster.


“Yeah…… By the way…… You know……. That……”


Yoo Ah-ra seemed like she wanted to say something, but her mouth kept on snapping shut.


She was going to mumble and struggle like that for a bit and then turn around saying “It’s nothing”.


I knew her habits just too well.


So I already knew what she wanted to say, as well.


“Ah-ra-ssi. We first met three years ago, right? So what are you trying to say?


Office romances were to be kept a secret.


We started dating before we joined the company, but as it evolved into an office romance we had to keep it a secret.


“……Well. What was I going to say again……?”


Yoo Ah-ra smiled helplessly.


Tick, tick, tick.


The short silence that floated between us and the sound of the clock was so loud that it bothered me.


The first person to break the silence in this awkward moment was Yoo Ah-ra.


“Well, Woojin-ssi. I’ll get going now.”


“Okay. Get some rest.”


“Yes. Good luck with work.”


Clack clack.


She moved further away accompanied by the sound of her high heels.


She was more perfect than anyone I’ve ever met, but she was actually more beautiful on the inside than she was on the outside.


That was how wonderful she was.


She was my greatest treasure.


She was also the first person who convinced me that people could change.


“……Good bye.”


I spoke words that couldn’t reach her anymore. I just mumbled them to myself.


I felt pathetic, so I just sighed and put my attention back on the monitor.


“No, but the author’s pretty mean as well.”


When I looked at this character called Deculein, who had already died, I got goosebumps.


This is supposed to be me? That’s ridiculous.


…….Although there was a certain resemblance.


Certainly, my appearance was used as his base.


I did think that he looked like someone I knew while I was modeling him.


I didn’t know that someone was me.


“I need to upgrade his appearance.”


Externally, the gold haul had ended, but the company’s and author’s greed remained.


So they gave me the highest authority and asked me to do the final touches on the models.


“Let’s see.”


Nobody would complain if a character was made a bit more handsome.


No matter how villainous he was, I was the model, so I should at least give him a decent face. I’ve never been called ugly after all.


“……Fixed.”


While I was checking over my correction, I suddenly saw the character’s “Characteristics” in my field of view.


“Hmmm……”


There were two characteristics in this game that determine the character’s personality.


“Traits” that directly affected the base specifications and “Personality” that indirectly affected them.


The more important a character is, the more likely it is for them to have one of these traits and personalities.


[Traits]


: Intimidating Grace


: Prodigy


: Mediocre Magical Talent


: Broken


: Aesthetic sense


: Fate of a Villain


Deculein’s qualities are these six above.


Oh my god, this combination “Prodigy” and “Mediocre Magical Talent”. It’s the worst of the worst, the most evil.


[Personality]


: Elitist


: Mysophobe


: Habitual


: Competitive


: Noble etiquette


: Sensitive


: Authoritative


: Pretentious


: Resilient Mind


: OCD


: Atheist…….


There are a lot more personality traits.


“Such terrible characteristics.”


No matter how much he was based on me I was neither an elitist nor was I a mysophobe nor was I pretentious. I didn’t even have any authority so how could I be authoritative?


I glared at the monitor with dissatisfaction, glancing at the tapered codes next to the traits and personality columns.


“……Hm Hm.”


There was no one in the office. I looked over the other traits and personality codes.


I wasn’t going to do anything bad, I was just scrolling through them for fun……


Found one.


[Understanding]


“With that you won’t be so pathetic at least”


Looks like it’s similar to sympathy. But for some reason it’s classified as a trait and not as a personality.


I put [Understanding] among Deculein’s traits.


After that, [Billionaire]…… One has to have a lot of money.


Click, click, click.


In addition to that, I added a lot of other characteristics as a joke. [Man of great wealth], [Midas’ Touch], [Vision], [Iron Man] and so on……


“Just what am I doing?”


I put in this and that, about 5 traits that wouldn’t be that obvious, only then was I satisfied.


I let go of the mouse and leaned back on my chair.


Laughter unexpectedly flowed out of my mouth.


“……Huh. It’s been 7 years.”


7 years.


For you and me, 7 years was such a long time.


It was too long to just end in an instant.


No, maybe it was just me who thought of it as “an instant”.


You just gradually grew tired of this.


You must’ve slowly prepared for this break-up as well.


I was just not aware of your change…….


Driiing


“Uh!”


A loud notification. I almost fell off my chair.


[REW (5/107)]


[Lane: Woojin, are you still working?]


It was from an in-house messenger.


The sender was Lane-ssi, author of this game and general manager of the AI department.


As the name suggests, he’s a foreigner.


[Oh, yeah. If you want me to change the models, please let me know. I’ll change them right away]


I moved my mouse to remove the traits I just added.


[Lane: No…… That’s not it. I’m just waiting and watching]


I suddenly stopped.


What are you watching?


Are you watching me?


I looked around, but no one was there.


[What are you watching? Me?]


I blinked and stared at the monitor.


Soon, I got a reply with a smiling emoticon attached.


[Lane:Puhaha ^-^ No~ Look out the window!]


I turned my head towards the window without much thought.


“……Huh?”


Transparent glass and the sky stretching beyond it.


It gave birth to Light.


A flash fell while illuminating the heavens and earth.


Light craved itself into the air like human veins.


Lightning.


With my eyes wide open, fierce rays of light flooded in.


A huge shock shook the world.


The bunch of rays that flooded the office blinded my vision and the delayed thunder rattled my ears.


Ruuuuuumble!


……I didn’t remember anything after that.
“It’s quiet, so it’s comfortable, but…… doesn’t this make you feel anxious?”


Recently, the atmosphere around the Yukline mansion had quieted down. Silence was rather unusual in this magnificent mansion that’s considered the best in this world.


“Hey, don’t say that. Don’t worry about it. Just stay still, stay still”


The unusual calmness was awkward for the maids and servants of the mansion, but after a week, they were able to adjust to it.


“Oh, do you perhaps think that it’s because things are going well with Miss Freyden?”


At the young maid’s question, the other maid shook her head.


“Ei. Do you really think so? I think it’s the opposite.”


“Really? I’m confused because I’ve only been here in this house for a week and they don’t even check the cleaning.”


“Enjoy it. Since we don’t know how long it’ll last……”


The servants were chatting about the strange changes in the mansion’s owner.


“Has this ever happened before?”


“Well. It’s been 10 years since Lord Deculein has been in office…….”


Their owner was so famous and sensitive, so there were many anecdotes that came to their minds that the flow of the conversation completely changed.


It was at that moment.


Creaaak


The front door was opened wide and the sound of shoes echoed through the hall.


Clack, clack


A cool and sinister echo.


The maids rushed to line up quickly in front of the unexpected visitor.


“……Where is that man?”


The VIP who posed this sharp question was a beauty with short-cut, black hair.


“Yes, right now, the master is…….”


Yeriel, their master’s sister, was equally well-known for being as sensitive as him. Her presence made the maids bow.


“Guide me”


The servants guided her without daring to make eye contact.


Together, they climbed the central stairs of the mansion and ended up standing in front of the gates of the highest floor which was completely used as a single room.


Knock, knock


Yeriel lightly knocked on the door that everyone in this house feared.


Knock, knock.


There was no response.


Knock, knock! Knock, knock!


Yeriel tried it a few more times but couldn’t take it anymore and burst open the door.


“……Hey!”


In the neat room a handsome man with a disheveled face lay there.


His hair shone subtly like a dark crystal and his fine, white skin and straight, intelligent features were darkened today.


This was enough to shake any woman’s heart, but Yeriel just fired away without caring about anything else.


“What the hell are you doing?!”


Yeriel’s insolent way of speaking shook the servants.


However the owner of this grand mansion only murmured in a low voice.


“……I thought I’d wake up if I just went back to sleep a bunch of times. Guess I’m still dreaming.”


At the end of his words, the maids gave him a strange look.


Just how badly did things with Miss Freyden go?!


“And…….”


Yeriel frowned as if she understood his words in a similar way.


Right now, everyone but Deculein had the name, “Julie von Deya-Freyden”, floating in their minds.


The second daughter of the northern Freyden family. The current fiancée of “Deculein von Grahan-Yukline”.


Externally, the two were promised to each other, but their feelings towards each other were insanely different.


Deculein seemed to love Julie with all his heart, but her feelings for him bordered on disgust.


This wasn’t just simple speculation, this fact was actually pretty well-known.


“Can’t you stop thinking about her? What are you doing, even canceling all your lectures?!”


“……Lectures?”


“Yes!”


Yeriel took some documents out of a luxurious clutch bag. Then she threw the bunch of papers on the bed.


“You said you’d do it yourself. And if you just stay here like an idiot, you’ll bring shame to our family. Are you fine with this?”


“……..”


“There’s an event at the university, so make sure to attend! At least if you don’t want to lose your professorship you’re so proud of!”


“You’re…… very bold.”


Deculein smirked. At that moment, Yeriel became angry. Blood vessels were throbbing at her white temple.


“I’m not being bold, you’re just being stupid! Idiot!”


Very harsh swear words. The maids trembled, but the master didn’t react even a little.


If it was his usual self, he would have punished me. How could he have become so lethargic?


I wish he’d return back to normal.


“……Alright, go out.”


“Hmpf.”


Yeriel snorted and went out the door.


She didn’t want to see that idiot who turned out like this just because he was dumped by some woman either.


“Ye, ye, Yeriel-nim. Would you like to have a meal?”


“I’m going”


“But you’ve come such a long way. Hold, hold on!”


“I’m going!”


Many of the servants followed her in a hurry.


The master seemed to be in a bad mood today, so it was best to stay out of his sight……


* * *


“……Lectures, huh.”


I looked at the documents given to me by Deculein’s sister, Yeriel.


The title of the lecture was: “Imperial Senior Professor Deculein: A Fundamental Understanding of Magic and Attitude toward Mana”.


Furthermore, the table of contents was as follows.

Magical distinction between attributes and types.
A rough Outline of circles of each magic branch, such as Destruction, Support, Summoning and Spirit.
Proper usage of Mana…….

“What kind of magic system is so diverse?”


Where did science go in a world where magic is so diverse?…… I remember it was said that science when developed sufficiently wasn’t much different from magic though.


I lay on my bed thinking nonsense.


“……Haah.”


A week had passed.


Before I knew it, a whole week had passed in the blink of an eye.


I couldn’t find out why I’m stuck here even after all that time.


I thought it was a regular dream, but it wasn’t. Then I thought it was a lucid dream, but it wasn’t. After that I thought it was a VR game, but it wasn’t.


The most convincing reason was that I got struck by lightning, that what I’m experiencing is the after life.


Anyway, I’ve become that fricking game’s character I was modeled after “Deculein von Grahan-Yukline ”.


For reference, Deculein was a link that connected the whole game, an arch-rival to many Named Characters or otherwise known as the mid-boss to players, a Named Villain.


The enemy of his parents, the enemy of his lover, the enemy of his hometown, the enemy of his peers and so on.


In addition to this, I’m sure that there were many more people who bore a grudge against him, a villian only woven to die and experience hardship.


Of course, Lane said that there was a little twist to this character, but did he mean the fact that I’d possess this guy……..?


“He’s going to die on almost every Route.”


This villain would die almost inevitably, like a villain should.


Whether the player killed him themselves, he got killed by a Named Character who bore a grudge, randomly got into a fight and died, got assassinated or died some other way.


Like that purple haired guy from that famous hero movie. (TN: I have no idea who that is)


“Rather than that, this is…….”


I sorted the papers that Yeriel threw.


I took them in one hand and glanced at them, the lecture was scheduled today.


“……I have to go”


It was my first time giving a lecture, but I couldn’t just sit idle. I couldn’t be lazy anymore.


I had to somehow gather information, I had to find some things out regardless of whether I could go back or not..


[Top Survival Goal: Be a necessary part of the game.]


[Side Quest: University Lecture]

Store currency +0.5

These strange sentences flickered in my field of vision.


I was resuming my activities part because of Yeriel and part because of this. Not only was Yeriel among my “Death Flags”, but that “Store Currency” was quite important as well.


Fortunately, the knowledge, attitude and experience to give the lecture didn’t pose a problem.


[Understanding]

Rating

: Unique

Explanation

: The ability to comprehend things. It’s activated by consuming Mana.


Before being trapped in this world I added [Understanding] mistaking it for something similar to [Sympathy].


I believed in this skill’s performance.


No, that’s not it, it’s just because it was a unique ranked skill. It was the unique rank that only appeared in the latter half of the game and the character I was playing before didn’t even get it.


“Let’s wash up……”


I got out of bed and went into the bathroom. I took off my clothes and turned on the shower.


A clean environment, hot water and a shower with good water pressure. These were all things I liked.


After taking a shower, I opened the door to the dressing room. This room that was bigger than my apartment was filled with all kinds of valuables and suits.


I chose clothes by trusting my instinct.


A white shirt and an aristocratic navy suit. A blue tie and intelligent looking glasses. Then I put a coat over it, sprayed my whole body with perfume and put up my hair neatly, not leaving a single strand unattended.


After that, I looked in the mirror.


“…….”


Honestly this style looked nauseating, but it seemed rather elegant. That overflowing ego felt quite arrogant, but a graceful dignity certainly seemed to mingle with it.


It’s probably the work of [Intimidating Grace], [Aesthetic Sense] and [Noble Etiquette].


In fact I can’t say or do anything against etiquette. No matter how hungry, one shouldn’t just eat one’s food at will, one shouldn’t blabber and one has to act elegant and cultured at all times.


As such it also became natural for me to do that. As if my personality completely changed, it felt as comfortable to use these inefficient manners as breathing.


Even just witnessing crude and unsophisticated behavior, I’d feel scorn and contempt rising up.


“……I won’t let myself get swallowed by this guy.”


This character had a lot of characteristics, especially under the “Personality” category.


What was written in the system log at the moment were: “Noble Etiquette”, “Elitist”, “Mysophobe”, “Authoritative”, “OCD” and so on.


Those personality traits were most certainly transmitted to me.


That’s why even this “obligation” to hold that lecture felt so natural to me. I’m an outstanding and noble aristocrat…… what bullshit.


“Woojin.”


I looked back at the handsome man in the mirror.


“Kim Woojin.”


I won’t lose myself.


I won’t get swallowed up by this stupid character.


“That’s your name.”


Woo from “House” and Jin from “True” (TN: spelling out name, jip u and chamjin)


A healthy South Korean man, tall and handsome, objectively speaking, but using someone else’s words, a loser.


“A pathetic and lazy jerk”


That’s me.


Slap!


I slapped my face and then went out of the door.


* * *


Tok, tok.


The clear and regular sound of footsteps. Long, smoothly moving legs.


Indeed, an elegant and orderly gait.


I stood in front of a car parked in the yard admiring its vintage style.


“Good day, master.”


A vehicle with an antique design that could have been found in the modern Ford era. This was a symbol of wealth in this world.


“I’m going out.”


“Understood!”


As I climbed onto the backseat of the car after the attendant opened the door for me, I saw some small fellow sitting on the seat next to mine.


“……?”


Under the pulled up robe hood I could see a cute but rigid face.


“Pro, professor! Good day! He, here you go!”


He spoke in a very tense voice and handed something to me. It was a bunch of documents.


“……Are you, a magician?”


“Pardon? Ah, yes. Yes sir……I, uh, I’ve been working under the professor for three years now though……..”

<Deculein. (2)>


His height alone was rather overbearing, at around 190 cm.


He wore formal attire, appearing close to perfection. An eye-catching appearance that had a strong impact on others. The perfect golden ratio was shown by his appearance and clothing.


……Deculein von Grahan-Yukline.


There were no flaws or gaps in him, to the point that he seemed to be “Noble Dignity” incarnate. His elegance flowed into his gait, his speech, his facial expressions, into everything he did.


“That jerk……”


But even these perfect looks seemed like nothing more than a “detestable shell” to some, or rather quite a few.


“Sigh…….”


Ifrin Luna. As soon as Deculein appeared, she vented her anger.


Not only were her words bloody, her actions were as well. She clenched her fists so tightly that she drew blood and bit her lower lip.


He had stolen her legacy, her father’s achievements and had ruined him which had led to his death in the end.


The public praised Deculein as a “Genius in interpreting Magic Circles” but his reputation was solely reliant on her father’s work…….


[…….Attention.]


At that time, a magic crystal amplified Deculein’s voice.


[I shall start the lecture now.]


The spacious auditorium was filled with hundreds of people. Deculein finally scanned the sea of people below his stage. His gaze was as sharp as a knife.


She wanted to immediately pull out a knife and stab both of those eyes.


“That trash……”


However, it was not the right time yet.


Deculein was the enemy she wanted to kill. That was the only reason she applied for the University Tower, but revenge without a proper backdrop would just make her feel regret.


She lived just for this sweet moment, so there was no problem waiting for it a bit longer.


[Nice to meet you]


But…… Maybe she’ll just cause a bit of trouble for him. Suddenly having gotten an idea, Ifrin smiled innocently while pulling down the hood of her robe.


* * *


……I saw hundreds of people in this vast auditorium. Their eyes glistened brudensomely and a vintage styled camera flashed dizzyingly.


I faced all of this alone.


Well, it was weird.


I didn’t feel even a bit of tension.


I just took all these things for granted.


In my life, this kind of treatment was just natural, this attention wasn’t pressuring but a privilege. This noble sense of being one of the chosen ones stuck to my body like skin.


“……Nice to meet you. I’m Deculein of the Yukline family.”


So I just leisurely started my lecture.


The beginning of this lecture was the first line of the script and the introduction of this character named Deculein.


“I’m a senior professor at the Imperial University Tower and a magician of the “Monarch” rank who governs over the elements. No matter if it’s the water, wind, fire or earth attribute there is no difference.”


It was a sentence filled with an intoxicating feeling.


“…… As is known, magic is largely divided into three ‘attributes’ and nine ‘types’. Attributes include elements, origins and vessels. Types include summons, spirits, destruction, support, control, malleability, harmony, illusion and specialized.”


I was just saying what was written on the script.


Even though that’s all I did, I focused my breath and attention. It was part of the trait “Intimidating Grace”.


“Therefore, a magician can only earn achievements in magic if they work on their attributes and the right type.”


When I finished speaking, I flicked my finger.


Tack!


With a refreshing sound, the lights in the auditorium went out and magic circles filled the air.


“The perfection and release of mana. The realization of that is what we call magic. Therefore, one has to first gain an understanding of the magic circle for the realization of magic to succeed. Now, let’s take a look at the magic circles above.”


I paused for a moment, so the visitors could properly look at the magic circle.


At first glance, it seemed like a geometric figure consisting of multiple lines and curves, similar to fractals.


“This 68 stroke magic circle uses a circuit that looks like a curved indentment, and the mana is first concentrated in the center and is then pushed outwards. What spreads from inside to outside is the nature of “Destruction” and “Support”, but the destruction magic has to be a straight line in the form of an indentation. Therefore, this is a submagic formula. Next……”


The first item on the table of contents was “Foundation of magic”.


The lecture went on for about 15 minutes and I didn’t lose my composure even for a moment. The script flowed so naturally out of my mouth as if it was stuck in there.


Curiously enough – I completely “understood” the composition of this script I saw for the first time today.


“……This is how magic is based on magic circles. However, does mana always lead to magic and if one wants to use magic is it really necessary to study magic circles?”


From this point on it was about “How to use Mana”.


Now, the auditorium was holding general students, knights or aspiring students who weren’t magicians so it was a topic out of their scope.


“No. It depends on which part of the body you put your mana into.”


At the end of my words, the magic circle disappeared and a picture of the human anatomy took its place. Its heart, head and abdomen each held a mass of blue mana.


“First, the “Head”. In other words, the brain. It’s easy to imagine a technique in your brain, so, of course, more complex lines and circles can be implemented. Therefore, magicans usually keep their mana in their head.”


Maybe this guy also had his mana in his head.


In numerical terms “3375”.


It’s not that much. I remember seeing some named characters having an “initial” mana amount of “30000”.


“Next, the “heart”. The heart is the place where blood gets pumped out, so mana that gets stored in the heart spreads more easily. However, it’s difficult to keep it in one place. Therefore, the heart is a better place for knights than magicians to keep mana in.”


I spoke slowly and easily so that everybody could comprehend the content of the script.


I probably grasped how to give a lecture well through “Understanding”.


“Finally, the “abdomen”. In other words, the lower abdomen. In this area the outside and inside are most often mixed, so its use is universal whether you are a knight, a magician or a normal person…….”


After talking like that, I suddenly checked my watch. 40 minutes had passed.


“……What I want to say is simple. Effort is of course important. However, if you’re not talented enough, you have to consider efficiency. Talent isn’t given to everyone, so most of you need to choose and focus.”


I almost laughed while reading this line.


If you’re not talented enough, you have to consider efficiency — What you need is to choose and focus.


That advice was incredibly fitting for the current Deculein.


“And…….”


I finally reached the end of the script.


But that paragraph was a bit obtuse.


I was wondering whether I should say it or not.


Would the original Deculein have read that?


I didn’t know. I read it in there, so he must’ve written it.


“Lastly, is there anyone who has a question?”


There was only silence.


That’s good.


“If not then-”


When I was about to turn around, relieved that no one had a question, someone raised their hand. Then she got up from her seat.


“Professor Deculein. A mysterious magic technique was found in the Magician’s Dormitory last night. It’s also believed to be the devil’s work, so if Professor Deculein who is said to be a genius in interpreting magic circles could–”


“Are you a member of the University Tower? Well, isn’t it basic courtesy to say one’s name and affiliation first?”


I spoke right away. On the inside I was in a rush, but what I showed on the outside was pure elegance. I instinctively spoke in an aristocratic way.


“What? Oh, my name is-”


“Too late. I won’t take questions from rude children.”


“……Eh?”


The lower part of the robe-wearing magician’s face turned red.


I’m sorry, but I can’t help it. The mana consumption of “Understanding” is pretty overwhelming.


[Mana : 2005 / 3375]


It’s as much as 1300 points at a time.


It would take a lot more mana to interpret that new circle, I don’t want to overdo it. I think I’m getting dizzy.


“This is the end of the lecture”


puh- phuhuhu-Kuhuhu


In the midst of the ridicule and cynicism the magician received, I adjusted my disheveled sleeves.


I removed the wrinkles from my suit. I put on my overcoat and buttoned it up. Finally, I finished reading the script and came down from the podium.


This sequence of gestures were as natural to me as breathing.


“……But still!”


When I turned around a loud sound rang in my ears. I stopped in my tracks and turned my head to look back.


The unknown female magician, who was still standing, floated into the air and drew a magic circle with mana.


“Even the Tower refused to interpret it, dismissing it as just some rumor! If Professor Deculein is such a genius, then I think you’ll be able to recognize these lines immediately”


“…….”


I looked at that persistent magician.


How dare you be so hard on Deculein? I wonder if there was a character like that in the game, but that magic circle definitely looked a little weird.


A normal magic circle cannot be defined as just a straight or curved line with different arks, but as dozens of living parasites that randomly intertwine.


The moment I looked at the magic circle — Regardless of my intentions,”it” got activated.


As if my eyes were covered in paint, my vision turned blue, my speed of thinking and calculating had been amplified and time seemed to have slowed down, the smell of something burning lingered in my nose as the brain couldn’t handle the load.


It was only a moment.


[Mana : 360/3375]


In less than one second, nearly all my mana got wasted.


With that I was “only” able to barely grasp the magic’s identity.


[Illusion type: Barrier Magic]


Comprehending more than this, in other words, to know how to “implement” the technique would require double the mana, which I didn’t have, but fortunately, she didn’t want to know that either.


She just wanted to know the identity of that magic circle.


“The rest of the freshmen in the dormitory are working hard to analyze this, but since it’s vacation right now, there aren’t enough seniors or professors to ask for help. Professor, if you could give us a hint that would-”


“I won’t have to give you a hint. It’s barrier magic of the illusion type. It seems someone was trying to lock you up.”


“……Excuse me?”


“That’s it.”


A confident answer.


The bold magician seemed embarrassed, but I just left the auditorium without looking back.
[Side Quest Completed: University Lecture]


Store currency +0.5



Bathroom. Bathroom, bathroom. Do you know where the bathroom is? I really need to go to the bathroom……


This is proof that I wasn’t Deculein.


Even if part of Deculein’s personality got transmitted to me, it’s only a part and most of it was still me, Kim Woojin, so my stomach hurt as a result of that extreme mental stress I accumulated without noticing.


–Grooowwwl


Right now, I was the only one that knew I suffered from this very painful physiological phenomenon.


Nevertheless, on the outside I seemed like the perfect model, walking.


“…….”


I walked. She stood still.


So the gap between us naturally shrunk. When I was in her reach I stopped.


“Long time no see.”


She bowed her head to greet me first.


She was a beautiful woman.


White, fine hair and clear, icy eyes. They reminded me of that bloody scene I once saw on the monitor that one day.


Eight out of sixteen of Deculein’s deaths I identified involved her.


“……Long time no see.”


Her name is Julie, this body’s fiancée.


And the named character who will rise to the top of the knights in the future.


“How have you been?”


Asked Julie. It was a question I had no answer to.


I looked at Julie without any expression. If she were a servant she would have looked down without being able to take this look, but Julie just silently waited.


In the end, I only answered with this.


“Fine”


This was the best I could do, however Julie creased her unperturbed forehead.


She took a deep breath and said,


“Do you remember the promise you made me last week?”


I stood still and looked into her eyes. Deep inside these beautiful eyes, flames of hostility were raging.


“You broke that promise.”


“…….”


It was unknown what promise she was talking about.


I nodded and tried to pass by. I really had to shit.


Julie stepped one step to the side and blocked my way.


“Again, like this?”


That woman didn’t let me run away. She was staring at me with a face as cold as an awl.


In this situation, the only thing I could do was something rather terrible.


“……We made some kind of promise?”


I really didn’t know, but I still got goosebumps on the back of my neck. Julie’s anger caused a reaction on my skin.


It tickled. My back felt hot. I really wanted to scratch myself, but this noble body didn’t allow such low class behavior.


Instead I continued saying slightly awkward things.


“I’m seriously asking. I had a fever for a few days so I forgot some things”


“Hah.”


The woman’s face was filled with despair.


It was more lament than anger.


“…….God damn it. You’ve lost it now.”


She used a cool and cold voice towards her fiancé.


A mixture of sorrow and discouragement.


“Go ahead.”


She stepped out of the way and I brushed past her. Even with her so far away, the back of my head was still tickling.


After leaving the hallway, I entered the guest bathroom. I looked around to see if someone was coming in and only after confirming that no one was around, I did what I had to do.


“I almost died from that itching…….”


I scratched my back and my neck while relieving myself.


What a tiring personality, to only be able to scratch myself while minding the place and occasion.


That’s why I won’t be able to live a long life.


* * *


Julie spent a long time standing there even after letting Deculein go. The anger and hurt that swelled inside her burnt red hot.


She was trying to force it, but Deculein turned out to be a more difficult opponent than she thought. He was a board member of the university.


“Gosh.”


A young magician of the “Ether” rank wearing a cone hat came along. She was the chairman of the board, counted as a promising archmage candidate, just below the “Eternal” rank, at which one would become immortal, however among Julie’s personal connections her personality meshed the worst with her.


As soon as she found Julie, she covered her mouth with both her hands.


“Oh my! If it isn’t Professor Deculein’s wife?!”


“…….”


They weren’t married yet, she already knew that that guy didn’t use these words to describe them. So Julie just nodded her head.


“That lecture was great~ As expected from a senior professor, he explains really well, that’s what I thought while listening! It would be nice if I could acquire his teaching methods as well.”


“I know. I was watching.”


She tried to cut her off like that, but the chairman grabbed on to every single detail.


“Oh, really?! Were you supporting your husband? Are you finally getting along?”


“…….”


She never had such a romantic purpose as supporting him as his wife.


Today, Julie came to see with her own eyes if Deculein would keep his promise.


Julie made it clear to him.


If you, Deculein, keep your faith, that is, confess your continued deceit to everyone and ask for forgiveness, I will be with you even if the world collapses.


This was not a matter of what shame a broken engagement would bring, or of maintaining a formal relationship to save the family’s face.


It’s just the release of her beliefs she wants to keep as a knight transcending all worldliness…….


That’s all there is to it.


She was sure he’d agree.


“What’s wrong~? Today’s lecture was great.”


Julie nodded, while grinding her teeth despite her natural virtue.


Deculein broke his promise in the end.


Achievements reached by stealing and exhorting them from other people, not by his own ability. He didn’t even repent on the wickedness and corruption behind it.


He wasn’t even brave enough to do that. Now she really had to give up.


He would forever live pitifully among his manipulated subordinates and his own deceit…….


“……What a little lamb. You’re not much fun today. Well, good luck! I’ll get going!”


The chairman left with her lips pouting.


Julie was still standing on the marble floor as if she’d taken root. Deep inside her were a slew of distorted emotions that seemed to devour her.


His Yukline.


Her own Fryden.


Someday, something which someone told her repeated in her ear.


‘Deculein, who stands out as a magician, and Julie, who has the qualities of a gifted knight. If the blood of our two noble families are in harmony it would be beneficial both in pedigree and politically.’


However, at some point, both noble families came to know that Deculein’s magical talent was nothing but average.


Deculein lied to the world and became a professor, calling himself “Genius of Magic Circle Interpretation”…… After some incident, the source of his theories got cut off.


If the two families weren’t connected to the central politics or if they were less distant, either side would have gone wild.


They were easy on each other because both were prestigious.


If neither of them stepped forward and rejected the other side, the engagement would not be broken, and even if it were broken, Deculein’s sins would not get revealed.


So Julie thought she would have Deculein right his wrongs himself.


Nevertheless, he broke and rejected his evils by acting more firmly than ever today.


If so, now, she’ll have to bring it about herself.


The end of this contemptible engagement.


……No matter what, the end of this relationship shall come.


“Are you okay?”


The lieutenant, standing behind her back like a shadow, spoke in a low voice.


His name was Veron, a man with jet-black hair that covered his face.


Julie shook her head without looking back at him.


“It’s alright. It’s time for the lecture. Let’s go.”


She started walking. A lot of subjects followed behind that thin back.


The immediate descendant of the prestigious Fryden family, also known as master of knights and the Holy Land. Julie, who was also called an example for all young knights of this world, was caught up in her lecture.


Unlike Deculein, who used nothing but words, she held something that could be called a “real lecture” in which she demonstrated herself and swung her sword…….


……One of the knights following her stopped. His red eyes flashed through his thick black hair.


His gaze slowly turned back, glaring at the departing Deculein. A cold, desperate life stretched out towards his neck.


……Julie’s knight, Veron, thought.


Today, he sought answers to the endless suffering and anguish.


To keep his Lord from danger, this was his chance.


It was only something he could do.


……Let’s kill him.


That, nasty, dirty man.


I shall cut his throat, then dice him into little pieces.


Let’s make my Lord happy…….


* * *


The school cafeteria.


Ifrin sighed as she rummaged through the pitiful omelette rice.


“……Urg.”


She tried to screw Deculein over back in the lecture hall.


Deculein’s “Magic Circle interpretation method” he was so proud of was obviously just hot air and he couldn’t make use of her father’s ability, so it would put him in a pickle if he were asked to interpret a new technique in a situation he couldn’t cheat in.


Of course, there was a risk of her getting shot down by Deculein……but for him to reverse the situation like that?


She didn’t think he’d turn a person into an impolite idiot just because they didn’t say their name. He’s a tough opponent.


“I thought I’d die out of embarrassment……..”


Puhuhuhu Pfft — The laughter still rang in her ear, but it worked out.


“Pft. Sounds like an Illusion type.”


Ifrin was all smiles.


As expected he must have been embarrassed because he didn’t have any real experience, right?


What illusion magic? If he were desperate, why’d he choose illusion magic?


Illusion magic is a very difficult type of magic, because in order to overcome and deceive the perception and consciousness of others, it takes a tremendous amount of mana to the point where the cost-performance rate is utterly miserable. That’s why a “Medium” is essential when using most illusion type magic techniques.


But, illusion type magic without a medium?


“You’re not only an idiot. you’re a real idiot.”


That time she felt really satisfied.


“Ifrin! Ifrin!”


A loud voice calling Ifrin along with footsteps approached. She looked over.


They caught her eye last week at the newcomer orientation for magicians.


“Thank you!”


“……Huh? What? For what?”


Ifrin only blinked. That same sorcerer put his hands on her shoulders and shouted.


“The magic circle by the entrance of the dorm!”


Last night, an unidentified magic circle drawn with red liquid appeared on the Sorcerer’s Dormitory’s front door.


It was a magic circle that has never appeared before in the academic world, so people were raging saying things like “It’s the devil’s work”, but now newbies were all motivated saying things like “I’ll analyze it and build my foundation on that”. There was fierce competition for it in each division.


“……What? But I didn’t do anything.”


“Come on. You did nothing? You asked Professor Deculein.”


“……Huh?”


Ifrin felt embarrassed.


‘I didn’t ask him, I just screwed with him, you know? What are you talking about?’


“Ah~ That’s so awesome. We were so scared we couldn’t even ask. You’ve got some balls.”


“Huh? No, wait a minute, that magic is…….really barrier magic?”


Ifrin was bewildered.


‘So you’re saying Deculein was actually right?’


“Yes. Really. If we assume it’s barrier magic and reconstruct from there it fits perfectly. Wow~ Professor Deculein sure is great, isn’t he? There was no medium so how did he figure out that it’s illusion type magic?”


Ifrin’s mouth that slowly opened almost hit the table. From that wide open mouth only the sound of sharp breathing could be heard.


“Thank you, Ifrin. We’re going to write up a report and hand it in. I’ll write your name under it as well.”


“Uh? No, you don’t have…… to do that……but, ye, yeah. Hand it in.”


“Okay!”


They hurriedly rushed away.


Ifrin stared blankly at their back.


What nice people they are. They could’ve just not said anything, but they said they’d share the credit…….


However, the situation itself wasn’t good.


Deculein’s reputation had gone up for no reason.


“H, he just got lucky. Did he guess?”


After some time, Ifrin, who was in denial, took out a piece of paper from her backpack.


It was a plan with lectures, written by the professors at the Tower, which were about to begin.


[Understanding Elemental Magic]


[Grade: Debutant restricted, Advanced (5 Credits)]


[Lecturer: Deculein von Grahan Yukline]


“…….”


Deculein’s lecture.


Although she didn’t have an elemental attribute, that wasn’t a reason not to sit in on it. In the first place, elements were the basis of all magic. Since ancient times, it has been said “Know thy enemy and yourself, then you’ll never lose”.


“Just you wait……”


Ifrin growled, while staring at the syllabus.
Roteo Hall.


That was the name of the university building I just gave a lecture in. It’s the third largest building on the university grounds, built ten years ago with the donations of the Yuklines.


Now I was walking out of the Roteo Hall and onto the campus. Right now the students had vacation so there were few of them around, so I thought about taking a walk around the campus.


“It’s wide”


The university was much larger than I expected. Also, the entire area was flat and the gardens, playgrounds, various buildings, facilities and the environment, including the streets indeed looked similar to the american campus our team took as reference.


First, I headed towards Deculein’s office.


For your information, the top university in the game was the “Imperial University” and the Tower is one of the most important faculties. In Korea the Magic Department would be the Department of Medicine at Seoul National University and the Tower would correspond to the Seoul National University Hospital.


While I was walking around like that, I felt someone walking behind me.


Was it an assassin? I was startled, but fortunately, it was just the magician who was with me in the car. Though I didn’t exactly know who they were, as they had their robe’s hood pulled down.


“……Was your name Zorro?”


“What? Pardon? No, no! I’m Allen!”


“I got confused.”


“Ah…… But Allen and Zorro aren’t……ye, yeah…….”


I walked without saying a word. Then Allen suddenly said something.


“Professor! You, you look so picturesque, walking like that. I, uh, should’ve brought a camera-”


“You don’t have to say things like that anymore. Rest assured”


“Ah, o, okay…….”


I bet Deculein ordered you to do that in the past.


The Tower, like any ordinary tower, was built high enough that it could be seen from anywhere on the campus, so I could see where it was while walking. I reached it quickly.


[Senior Professor: Deculein von Grahan Yukline confirmed]


[Authentication completed]


The magic tech door of the tower recognized my body and my iris and then opened by itself.


As soon as I entered the tower lobby there were many people who bowed to me. I greeted them and said something to Allen.


“Let’s go to the office.”


“Understood!”


Allen leapt forward and pressed the button on the lobby elevator.


The Floor number was 77.


The Mana stone elevator arrived in 3 seconds


[Senior Professor: Deculein von Grahan Yukline]


My office occupied almost half of this floor. It was such a wide and luxurious office.


“…….”


The interior was sparkling clean, the shelves were full of books and the desk was filled with crystal beads, fountain pens, a diamond name plaque, an imperial professor’s seal, golden wands, etc…….. I looked around this blinding place without any expression.


“What is this?”


As soon as I sat down in the office chair, I noticed a book on the desk. Its form and specifications were similar to a guestbook.


“Oh, this is the sponsorship list for the new magicians this year!”


I opened the cover and scanned it’s contents.


| New magician (Debutant) | Jaylen | 19 |


| Attribute: Element | Main Type: Support | Sponsorship: 30000/500000 | Scouting report |


“Hm”


I got the gist of it as soon as I looked over it.


The tower was seen as a research institute in this world. It was similar to Caltech or MIT back in my world and research funds were indispensible.


No, a magician needed even more money than some modern day scientist or engineer.


Astronomical amounts of resources are spent not only on developing practical, destructive or useful magic, but also on basic food expenses, material expenses etc. for the development of the magician themselves.


“……?”


As I was looking at that person, I titled my head.


Some magicians’ names were shining gold.


I almost instinctively realized that they were names of “beneficial people”. Perhaps this was the result of the combination of [Man of great wealth] and [Vision].


[Man of great wealth]

Rating

:Rare

Description

:A born man of great wealth. If it comes to “Money-making”, you hold unrivaled intuition.


:The more information is given, the more accurate it is.


[Vision]

Rating

:Rare

Description

:The power to intuitively see characteristics and such with your eyes.


:It is used in combination with other traits rather than on its own.


The combination of a trait responding strongly to money making opportunities and a trait that makes this visible to my eyes.


In other words, just by looking at these magicians’ names and scouting reports that analyzed their strengths and weaknesses I could tell if they were worth money.


“This name seems familiar…….”


| New magician (Debutant) | Ifrin Luna | 17 |


| Attribute: Vessel | Main Type: Destruction and Support | Sponsorship: 0 / 10000000 | Scouting Report |


Luna, Luna, Luna…… The woman had light gray hair and stared at the camera with jade eyes that seemed to want to defy the world.


She was like a beautiful yet unfinished blade or a new-born beast. Maybe like a young cheetah.


“…….”


I didn’t model her, but I once heard in the company that Deculein had a bad relationship with this Named Character. He’s her father’s enemy or something.


Anyway, Luna’s sponsorship amount remained 0.


All the other new magician’s got at least 10000 Elne.


“Why didn’t this person get any sponsorship money?”


I asked Allen.


“Pardon?”


“Her name is Ifrin Luna.”


Then Allen shuddered.


“That……Person?”


“What’s wrong?”


“……Yes?”


“It’s okay. Go ahead.”


“Ah……The other professors and investors from the Tower……saw the report…….”


It’s because of Deculein.


Nodding my head, I looked over Luna’s scouting report and found something rather surprising.


| Sponsorship: 0/10000000 |


“……Allen. Do you know how much this school’s food costs these days?”


“Oh, the royal pork cutlet is about 3 Elne. It’s very delicious. I might try it later……Ah, my apologies.”


It seemed like 1 Elne was about 1000 won.


“If so, then this child doesn’t know much about the world.”


She requested a maximum of 10,000,000 Elne. 10 million Elne, so about 1 billion won. Did she want to eat so much until her stomach burst? Even if it’s called sponsorship, she would have to pay it back with interest.


“Sponsorship…….”


I stroked my chin and pondered.


This magician, Ifrin Luna, is Deculein’s enemy.


No, Deculein is that magician’s enemy.


However, no matter if they hold a grudge against this character called Deculein or not, if left like this, ‘I’ or anyone else in my situation would end the same as him in the game.


[A Villain’s Fate]

Rating

: ???

Description

: The Fate of a Villain. The whole world wants you dead.


: But what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger…….


A Villain’s fate, the so-called inevitable death.


Deculein would die in various ways in the game. Whether his heart got pierced, got crushed, got shot by an arrow, got poisoned, he died in an explosion or something else, the fact didn’t change that he died.


Therefore, I had to make different choices.


The original Deculein would never have made such a choice.


But…….


“Allen, almost half of these people would hate receiving money from me, wouldn’t they?”


I asked as such and looked at Allen’s reaction. Allen shuddered and shook his head.


Although he quickly denied it, he actually meant to say “yes”.


“…… I’ll give it to them even if they don’t like it. They wouldn’t dare refuse my sponsorship.”


As I said that, I immediately became sad and checked many names.


However, I put down “anonymous” under the [Sponsor] column.


If I wrote down my real name for no reason and they found out it would definitely backfire.


“Allen, now go do your job.”


“U, understood!”


Allen answered quickly and left. He shouted louder than ever.


Now that I was alone, I turned my chair back and looked out of the window.


The view from the top floor was spectacular.


Rays of sunlight filled the air and migratory birds swarmed around the clouds. These numerous wings that flitted between those particles of light seemed more free than anything else.


“In order to survive…….. I’ll need a lot of money first”


I mumbled quietly.


The more money, the better, I have to save it up to save my life. Some of these bad relationships can be solved with money after all.


Fortunately, that’s not too hard because of the traits I have. I’m sure I’ll get ten times as much profit just by investing in the right magician.


“Even so, how should I act as time passes? Where should my existence head…….?”


After I’ve made money, what’s next?


There will be no end to the Named Characters who hate me and they’ll be the death of me without even really trying.


For me to survive against them…….


“I must have ‘my own strength’.”


My strength.


That strength is, of course, related to wealth, but what I need is more intrinsic strength.


What I need right now is – fighting power.


Fortunately, I knew this body’s talents. Although his talent is mediocre, he certainly has the “Elemental” attribute and the “Control” type aptitude.


He wasn’t able to control all elements like Deculein boasted, but just two: Fire and Earth.


Also this body had many traits I added.


Among them was [Mida’s Touch].


[Mida’s Touch]

Rating

: Unique

Description

: Consumes the User’s Mana to unlock targets potential


: Increases the target’s performance by the magic power consumed, if the target does not have any potential, it grants a special effect appropriate to the target’s class


: However, Mana can only be given in units of thousands and can’t be used repeatedly


It was higher rated than [Man of great wealth].


I picked up a fountain pen from the desk to experiment on it.


[Mana : 1315 / 3375]


My mana had also sufficiently recovered, so activating this trait became a desire in my heart.


“……!”


The power in my neck and temples got exhausted.


That was it.


There was no change to the outward appearance of this fountain pen.


But there was certainly a change. It was a change that could only be confirmed through the system.


[Yukline Fountain Pen]

Rating

: High Rank

Class

: Other > Writing Tool


: Equipment > Weapon

Description

: A fountain pen carved out of pure gold with a family crest on it. [Midas’ Touch] increased its durability.

Special effects

: When used, writing skills seem to improve.


I spread out a white paper and tried to write something.


It turned into calligraphy.


“…… In that case.”


After I put down the fountain pen, I thought about how to combine my traits and talents.


Vision. Midas’ Touch. Understanding.


Control Type. Elemental. Fire and Earth.


While I was actively comparing my traits and talents, “Understanding” just triggered without my intentions.


Bzzzit-


The electric current from my brain warmed my whole body. Instantly my hair stood on end and an idea flashed through my mind like lightning.


Earth and Fire.


Through the combination of these two elements, metal is created.


Also, [Midas’ Touch] had the characteristic to strengthen said metal.


As a magician, I could handle such metal with control type magic.


-I won myself a sword


It’s a grandiose sword, after all it’s “Psychokinesis”, although it’s theoretically pretty awkward to use as my main force.


The lack of talent, which is Deculein’s weakness, can be reinforced with the quality of the metal.


There aren’t just steel alloys in this world. There were also fraudulent metals comparable to the mithril of legend, so if I make full use of my money, I should be fine…….


After I finished thinking I looked up with satisfaction.


“If clearing this game is truly the answer, this one has to survive until the very end……..Oh, what’s with this tone?”


I tapped my lips. I also belatedly checked my sitting posture.


My waist leaned straight against the back of the chair, the neck neatly rested on the neck rest and the two arms raised on the armrest maintained a distinctive angle.


Even such enormously formal actions were nothing but unconscious gestures to me.


This naturalness was terrifying.


“……Allen, are you there?”


I called Allen through the crystal ball.


[Yes! I’m coming!]


Stomp, stomp, stomp.


I heard stomping footsteps and then Allen appeared.


“Yes! I’m here!”


I pitied Allen seeing him like that. Was this what graduate students were like on earth?


Maybe not.


“I shall call it a day. Borrow the books I have written down and return as well”


“Ah…… Ye, yes! Understood!”


For some reason I really seemed to dislike the idea of leaving work already, but I still wrote down the names of some books on a piece of paper.


The first was on magic metals and the second was on Control magic.


Allen was confused, because both books were of “Basic” level, but soon after he bowed 90 degrees towards me and left.
“We greet the Master”


Upon returning home, servants were already waiting for me on the court of the mansion.


“Shall we prepare dinner?”


After I got out of the car, I stood silently for a moment looking up at the sky.


Sunset. The moon orbiting high up, clouds dyed in orange as if painted.


It was indeed a fantastical scene.


“Master……?”


It was the butler who held out his hand to take my coat.


“……Okay”


“Yes. So would you like to ea-”


“I’ll skip it.”


As soon as I entered the mansion, I climbed the stairs and headed to my room.


I didn’t feel tired or stressed at all.


[Iron Man]

Rating

:Unique

Description

:Innate high physical constitution and temper.


:The physical potential deserves to be called supreme.


One of the many traits I added as a joke, “Iron Man”. Thanks to this I only felt slight physical fatigue and recovered rapidly.


However, as I was mentally fatigued I still took a shower. As I had “Mysophobia”, washing itself brought me happiness and rejuvenated me.


After showering, I sat down on the reading chair located in the study. Then I took out one of the books on magic that I had Allen borrow for me.


“Foundation of Control Magic”


Today, I planned to multiply my mastery of control type magic, “Psychokinesis”, which was the closest related to my newly discovered weapon.


Of course, as I wasn’t born as Deculein, I didn’t have any magical knowledge this guy may have built up. Thus, my base as a sorcerer was comparable to a wasteland.


Nevertheless, the basis for my seemingly overwhelming confidence stems from my trait “Understanding”.


“……”


I opened the book in a steady manner.


[Introduction: The value and significance of Control Magic]


There were only four topics mentioned in this thick book’s table of contents. Basic wind direction control, basic umbrella control, basic camouflage and basic psychokinesis. Naturally, I immediately skipped to basic psychokinesis.


[ 4. Basic Psychokinesis: Understanding Psychokinesis ]


:Psychokinesis belongs to the non-mainstream magics. Of course, the control type is treated as minor among the eight, but nonetheless, it is well worth learning as a stepping stone to increase the sorcerer’s capabilities. Now, take a look at the following magic circle……


……I was dumbfounded by the content for a moment.


They seemed like alien records to me.


It’s not exactly that, but on each page they disassembled and analyzed the magic circle for “Psychokinesis” stroke by stroke.


To paraphrase it, it seemed like complex chinese characters were packed on the pages.


Even the explanation and calculation of “The amount of Mana needed for one stroke” and “The Flow of Mana leading to the next stroke” took up more than 10 lines per stroke and the total amount was a little over 60 pages.


“……Sure enough.”


Will my “Understanding” also apply to magic?


Can I understand the operation of something as complex as that?


I closed my eyes, faced with this uncertain situation.


After turning a “switch” in my mind, I opened my eyes again.


My vision turned blue. The lights in the room flickered and blinked like stars.


In the midst of this world spreading out in front of me like an Impressionist painting my focus was solely on the magic book.


Both my eyes only looked at the described magic circle. At that moment “Understanding” activated.


My mind was seething hot. This forced boost pushed through my whole body.


So even beyond just boosting my hearing and seeing, my consciousness rose to higher levels.


–Psychokinesis.


The magic circle rose from the book into the air.


Curves and straight lines entangled with each other, forming something that looked like a talisman. My own magic power flowed along these subtle lines appearing blue and brilliant.


A ray of magical power that started from one point formed a line, filled the surface and manifested magic.


This was the magical manifestation of my “Understanding”.


A visualization of an image.


A magic circle called “Psychokinesis” formed, illuminating the mansion and soon seeped into my head.


–By injecting magical power into an object, condensing it like a nucleus, it enables the magician’s will to control said object.


In other words, the magician controls the “Magic nucleus” inside of the object and not the object itself.


Thus, the key to this magic is to compress the size of the nucleus as much as possible and make the magic circuit that holds the object harden.


I understood the principle behind psychokinesis and was able to “memorize” it in my brain.


“……Haah.”


As soon as I stopped using “Understanding”, I let out the breath I was holding back. My temples hurt and my eyes were swollen.


I took out a fountain pen from my inner pocket and infused mana into it. Magical power permeated the fountain pen’s interior and like that I made this long, thin pen float with just my will.


“It worked.”


At this moment, the “Basic Psychokinesis”, which I couldn’t understand a minute ago, I realized without having to think about old-fashioned magic circles or how to control my mana.


That was proof that the complete magic was “memorized” in my brain.


Once a fully understood magic is memorized in the brain, the memorized magic can be used at any time without having to formulate a magic circle. No, the brain “unconsciously” formulates them. This is called “memorizing”.


This was the moment I got to experience first hand what I only read in the settings once before.


“That’s good and all, but……”


I was still just moving a fountain pen with my will.


If basic psychokinesis was just something of this level, even if I master advanced psychokinesis, I’d never reach the level of the Ki Sword I’m imagining.


“Isn’t it just non-mainstream magic?”


Isn’t there any way to enhance its performance?


Of course, with my limited talent, it was hard to do anything about this…….


While I was struggling to think of something, stroking my chin, I suddenly remembered a certain trick.


“If I engrave a magic circle all over my body.”


There were several major premises of this world’s magic.


Among them, the most prominent one is “The larger the magic circle, the more powerful it is”.


“If that’s the case.”


If I’m able to comprehend my whole body using the characteristic “Understanding, I should be able to engrave a magic circle not only on just my brain, heart or lower abdomen, but on my whole body.


“……It’s worth a try.”


Of course, it’ll obviously put a greater burden on my body. There’ll certainly be some unexpected side effects as well. So, let’s think this over one more time.


This body, isn’t it that of an “Iron man”?


That madness called “memorizing” magic using my whole body is only possible because of “Iron man” in the first place.


“Haah……phew”


I was excited to try it out, but I calmed myself down with a deep breath.


My remaining mana was 800.


I was just going to taking a quick look anyway, so that should be enough.


I activated “Understanding” and let magic flow through my body.


“……!”


I felt an excruciating intense pain.


It felt as if my bones and muscles all over my body were getting crushed by a hammer, as if all of my muscles were getting twisted and torn apart. It was incomparable.


Creak……! Crack……!


All these sounds were coming from my body.


My joints were twisting and my heart was breaking down.


At least that’s how I felt.


–But


Even while getting baptised by this intense pain, this body didn’t even let out a groan. It didn’t even bite its lip. Even though it couldn’t control the flow of its sweat, It never bent its waist even a bit.


A highly consistent posture.


A tenacious, unbending spirit.


Grace.


Acting with this false bravado bordering on madness and aristocratic ego — That’s the most basic understanding of this character.


I thoroughly controlled the mana within my body to run through my blood vessels.


I attached my will to every part of my body through the flow of mana.


My heart, muscles, bones and intestines.


This was to engrave the psychokinesis magic circle into my skin.


Snap–!


As I heard the sound of something breaking, a sense of weakness settled in me.


It was a failure.


I exhausted my mana, so Understanding got deactivated.


I quickly opened my eyes. My whole body was burning with rashes, redness and itching.


Of course, I didn’t scratch at it. That would go against my dignity.


“…….I’ll do the rest later.”


[Mana: 1 / 3,375]


It failed due to my lack of mana. It just ended up getting engraved a little around my shoulder.


Fortunately, I didn’t have to start from the beginning again just because I failed.


In other words, this process worked through gradual understanding.


To compare it to a game, even if you failed stage 2 after winning stage 1, you’d just start over from the start of stage 2 again instead of going back to stage 1.


“2 weeks”


Neck, shoulders, arms, hands, belly, thighs, calves, feet. I roughly estimated how long it would take for 8 parts of my body.


Approximately 2 weeks for “Basic Psychokinesis”.


For something of a higher level, like “advanced psychokinesis” even longer.


“……”


I got up from my chair, putting my thoughts together. I took a shower first, because my whole body was soaked in sweat.


I wiped my body with a natural body wash and lay on the bed with a robe on.


“Pajamas……”


I felt like I was going to faint. My body wanted me to wear my pajamas. Sleeping in a robe was absolutely unacceptable.


“Fuck off……”


I didn’t force myself to wear it.


Since I’m Kim Woojin, not Deculein, I won’t be manipulated by some personality determined by code…….

“I was merely joking.”


I laughed elegantly and looked over the documents.


I thought it was about the lecture, but it was actually a script. It was a script containing every subject from the start to finish of the lecture.


Actually, how did Deculein prepare himself for lectures?


In fact, he only appeared talented on the outside.


The trait I had right now wasn’t genius or prodigious but “Mediocre Magic Talent” so I really wanted this script.


“Good job.”


“……Pardon?”


However, when I mentioned that he did a good job, the magician became embarrassed.


To be honest, this compliment also made my stomach twist into knots. It was an obvious “Personality” contagion, but I had to overcome this.


I closed my eyes and added a few more words.


“You did a great job. Rest until we get there.”


“Ye, yes! Yes! Understood, sir!”


The magician with his head down went as silent as a corpse. The mouth that was exposed from under his hood seemed to have pulled into a small smile though, seemingly pleased with the compliment.


“…….”


I read the script in my hands. But the paper got on my nerves. I thought it was dirty. Next time, I’ll put on my gloves…… No, not that.


Now let us proceed.


I knew the settings of the game to some extent, but thanks to a more solid [Understanding] I could quickly grasp the script itself.


About 30 minutes have passed since I started preparing for the lecture.


“……?”


An interesting scenery appeared outside the car window.


I naturally looked over to it.


Following that, even I unknowingly smiled.


—The outside was filled with the shimmering waves of light emitted by the sun at noon.


A road surrounded by vibrant flowers and trees led to the entrance where the statue of the first emperor stood tall.


There were many buildings filling the vast land and soft beams of light gently fell upon them from the sky.


As a whole it was called the “Imperial University”


This body’s, Deculein’s workplace.


Everything that got reflected in my eyes, which was now more real than 3D……was the result of my design.



